feat: use one climate year's solved network for multi-climate year run in CBA (#646)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/release_notes.rst

* Add separate solver option for CBA MSV extraction (`cba.msv_extraction.solving`) and move CBA solve logs to `results/cba/logs/` (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/627).

> * Use single climate year's solved network for CBA workflow for multi-climate year runs (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/646).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use installed capacities from a single Scenario Building run across all CBA climate year runs, consistent with TYNDP 2024 methodology. Time-varying inputs (demand, capacity factors) are adjusted per climate year, while installed capacities remain fixed (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/646).
```
